Hey intern
Go get Mr. An a cup of coffee to grind by hand
I'm here to work.
I'm not here to serve tea and water
Letting you grind coffee is your blessing
Don't toast the drinker is a punishment
Do you believe it or not?
Mr. An can get you out of the company with the snap of a finger
Calm down is not the time to be exposed
The identity of the intern
To get the truest news
grandma
How dare you give Mr. An this coffee
Everyone else can drink
What do you mean, Director An is not a human being?
Oh, dear.
My shoes!
How did that happen?
Bitch, this is a limited edition Gucci.
Do you know how expensive he is?
As for your style and material workmanship.
Even high imitation can't compare to him
How dare you insult the CEO
I think you should leave as soon as possible
leave
The CEO
He really has the patience to let me go
Scared
As long as you get down on your knees and wipe my shoes clean
Three more kowtows
I can open later
This is how I apologize
The balance in this card
Buy more than 100 pairs of high-quality imitations like you.
Next time, I will buy a better quality one.
Your heels are worn off
What did you say about Mr. An's scorpion? It turned out to be a high imitation.
Really faded
This material is not real at first glance.